blog: add outreachy '22 interns blog (#330)
moja-global/community-website: website/blog/2022-05-29-meet-moja-global-2022-outreachy-interns.md

[Outreachy](https://www.outreachy.org) provides open-source internships to underrepresented groups in the technology industry. Through Outreachy, we can provide a platform for our interns to learn about our open-source software and gain experience in the industry while making viable contributions to the open-source community.

## Project

Moja global participated in the May 2022 Outreachy internships with the project **Research data sources for carbon sequestration in forests**. The project aims to develop a pilot project to monitor the effect of forest management practices around the world while supporting forest owners, stakeholders, and policymakers. The interns will use various forest management indicators and a representative sample of the ecosystem and climatic conditions to develop an open-source workflow for assessing ecological conditions in forests around the world.

They will also be developing a semi-automated, FLINT-based workflow to run a unique FLINT simulation of forest dynamics for each location. The interns will also be responsible for publishing their findings openly on our repositories, with editorial support from the moja global Technical Steering Committee.

> Based on the work developed and the other contributions, we selected three interns: [Kateryna Derhaus](https://github.com/derha) and [Ankita Sharma](https://github.com/Simpleshell3).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Based on the work developed and the other contributions, we selected two interns: [Kateryna Derhaus](https://github.com/derha) and [Ankita Sharma](https://github.com/ankitaS11).
```
